Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves. (Carl Jung)

It's one thing to want the horse to win. It's another thing to buy the ticket. (Amanda Palmer's dad)

Don't take counsel from your fears.

Collecting the dots. Then connecting them. And then sharing the connections with those around you. This is how a creative human works. Collecting, connecting, sharing. (Amanda Palmer)

Love is give, not take.

Treat every person like they're having the worst day ever.

Darren Hardy said, Never ask advice of someone with whom you wouldn't want to trade places.


fulfillment, not income, is the measure of success.
show up.


There is no limit to what can be accomplished if it doesn't matter who gets the credit. Ralph Waldo Emerson
True success is when you are happy on the inside, authentic to yourself, without attachment to final outcomes. (irene au)

If you're not growing, you're dying.

i'll tell you how i feel about school, jerry. it's a waste of time. bunch of people running around, bumping into each other. guy up front says two plus two the people in the back say four. then the bell rings they give you a carton of milk and a piece of paper that says you can go take a dump or something. it's not a place for smart people, jerry. i know that's not a popular opinion. (rick sanchez)

homework is stupid. the whole point is to get less of it. (rick sanchez)


listen, morty, i hate to break it to you, but what people call love is just a chemical reaction that compels animals to breed. it hits hard, morty, then it slowly fades, leaving you stranded in a failing marriage. i did it. your parents are gonna do it. break the cycle,  morty, rise above. focus on science. (rick sanchez)


i. love. morty. and i hope morty loves me. i'd like to wrap my arms around him and feel him inside me. (flu season dance rapper)

nobody exists on purpose. nobody belongs anywhere. everybody's gonna die. come watch tv. (morty)



The Romans didn't believe that an exceptionally gifted person was a genius; they believe that an exceptionally gifted person had a genius.

Most days, if you're aware enough to give yourself a choice, you can choose to look differently at this fat, dead-eyed, over-made-up lady who just screamed at her little child in the checkout line - maybe she's not usually like this; maybe she's been up three straight nights holding the hand of her husband who's dying of bone cancer, or maybe this very lady is the low-wage clerk at the Motor Vehicles Dept who just yesterday helped your spouse resolve a nightmarish red-tape problem through some small act of bureaucratic kindness. Of course, none of this is likely, but it's also not impossible - it just depends on what you want to consider. David Foster Wallace (this is water)

Success is continuously improving who you are, how you live, how you serve, and how you relate. Benjamin Hardy
If you want to solve the problem of perception, Halverson says, it's much more practical for you to decide to be a good sender of signals than to hope that the perceiver is going to go into phase two of perception. It's not realistic to expect people to go to that effort. Can you imagine how exhausting it would be to weigh every possible motivation of another person? Plus, you can't control what's going on inside of another person's mind, but you can control how you come across.
I could not worry about Lucy anymore. I knew then it was just too enormous for me to manage, and that worrying about her would swamp me. If I was swamped by worry, I would be useless to her. It was even possible that I would desert her, and that was the thing that could never happen. I decided that night I would take all the hours of my life that could so easily be spent worrying, and instead, I would try to help her.  Truth and Beauty, Ann Patchett


Comparison kills creativity and joy.  brene brown (rising strong)

What we call failure is not the falling down but the staying down. - Mary Pickford.




become obsessed about the things you want; otherwise, you are going to spend a lifetime being obsessed with making up excuses as to why you didn't get the life you wanted.




Fears are educated into us and can, if we wish, be educated out. (Karl A. Menninger) 

The only person you should compare yourself to is the person that you were yesterday. (Amy Morin)

May we ever choose the harder right, instead of the easier wrong. (Thomas Monson) 


Less, but better.

Your heart will be broken. That does not mean you are broken beyond repair.

Choose curiosity over fear. 

Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony. Mahatma Gandhi

The reason that most of us are so unhappy most of the time is that we make our goals for the people we are when we set them, not for the people we're going to be when we reach them.  Dan Gilbert

I don't really care so much what people say about me because it usually is a reflection of who they are.  Prince 

The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.

If you feel like you don't fit in this world, it's because you're here to help create a new one. Jocelyn Dahler

The whole idea of compassion is based on a keen awareness of the interdependence of all these living beings, which are all part of one another, and all involved in one another. (Thomas Merton)

I have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear. MLK Jr.

be the reason someone believes in the goodness of people. 

We suffer more often in imagination than in reality. Seneca

Take your broken heart, and make it into art. (Carrie Fischer)

Resilience is how you recharge, not how you endure.

The most regretful people on earth are those who felt the call to creative work, who felt their own creative power restive and uprising, and gave to it neither power nor time.  Mary Oliver
I have never been to Cat Philosophy School, but I agree: Happiness is in our tails. However, I have found that when I just wander around enjoying life, it follows me everywhere I go.

Enjoy present pleasures in such a way as not to injure future ones. (Seneca) 


In this day and age, managing one's reputation and personal brand has never been easier. We have all sorts of tools, all sorts of hacks and tricks to pursue fame, attention, and wealth. But is this really what we want to leave behind? Is this really all that impressive? Of course not. Let your behavior be the monument you leave behind. Like Cato, do such great work and be such a powerful example that people say, Why isn't So-and-So more well known? They really deserve it. That is the ultimate compliment and the real validation of a life. 



ambition means tying your happiness to what other people say or do... sanity means tying it to your own actions marcus aurelius

There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle. - Albert Einstein
To the man with only a hammer, every problem looks like a nail.

Why not become the one / Who lives with a full moon in each eye / That is always saying, / With that sweet moon
Language, / What every other eye in this world / Is dying to / Hear.


Layne Tisdel Martin: once I love you I'm always going to love you even if the feeling changes shape. :)

A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty. , Winston Churchill

the comfort zone is definitely not comfortable. it should be called the misery zone or the missing-out-on-life zone.

Free yourself to create music, not applause.

In life, things don't get harder , they just get faster.


Alterius non sit qui suus esse potest (Paraclesus) // Let no one belong to another who can belong to themselves.

The trick to forgetting the big picture is to look at everything close up. -Chuck Palahniuk

For the things we have to learn before we can do them, we learn by doing them. - Aristotle

like Nassim Taleb put it, Stoicism is about the domestication of emotions, not their elimination.

Don't think about what you want to do, think about how you want to FEEL. That comment made all the difference. Sometimes it's hard to make a definitive decision when you're not 100 percent sure of what the next step is , where do I go? what do I do? , but that shit doesn't matter. Just aim for the feeling, keep working hard, keep your eyes open, and the rest will fall into place. It will.


Remembering that I'll be dead soon is the most important tool I've ever encountered to help me make the big choices in life. Because almost everything - all external expectations, all pride, all fear of embarrassment or failure - these things just fall away in the face of death, leaving only what is truly important. Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose. You are already naked. There is no reason not to follow your heart...

...This was the closest I've been to facing death, and I hope it's the closest I get for a few more decades. Having lived through it, I can now say this to you with a bit more certainty than when death was a useful but purely intellectual concept: No one wants to die. Even people who want to go to heaven don't want to die to get there. And yet death is the destination we all share. No one has ever escaped it. And that is as it should be, because Death is very likely the single best invention of Life. It is Life's change agent. It clears out the old to make way for the new. Right now the new is you, but someday not too long from now, you will gradually become the old and be cleared away. (Steve Jobs)

It's almost as if he is channeling Marcus Aurelius: Everything's destiny is to change, to be transformed, to perish. So that new things can be born.

We need to remember, as Jobs did and as Marcus did, that the permanent thing is impermanence. Money, power, fame, influence-these are ephemeral. As is our very existences on this planet. That there's real wisdom to be found in the notion that you're a speck in the universe's broad history, and that your time is limited. Accept that it is, and you'll open yourself up to a clarity-and possibly even a contentment-that you didn't know.


Many people, especially ignorant people, want to punish you for speaking the truth, for being correct, for being you. Never apologize for being correct, or for being years ahead of your time. If you're right and you know it, speak your mind. Speak your mind. Even if you're a minority of one, the truth is still the truth.  Mahatma Gandhi


From the beginning I knew my destination, and I chose my route accordingly. But am I working toward an extreme of joy, or of pain? Will I achieve a minimum, or a maximum?  Story of Your Life, Ted Chiang.

You have power over your mind-not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.  Marcus Aurelius

The perfect is the enemy of the good. Voltaire

Most of us have two lives: the life we live and the un-lived life within us. (Steven Pressfield)

Strive to be interested instead of interesting.

When you're considering adopting new habits or ideas, there's no better way to gather data than actually trying. It's often faster and simpler to just give things a shot and see how it goes than to spend a lot of time trying to anticipate and predict whether or not you'll find something worthwhile.

Never be indifferent.
Be the person that says I'm there or Nah, not this time, not I'll try.


Wanna buy a house? Don't.

Notice what it is that makes you feel energized and happy and do more of that.
Be honest about how you're feeling and what's wrong.
When you say yes to something, remember that you're actually saying no to everything else...

you change the world when you change the way you interact with it
Wanting is just an option your mind provides, not an order you have to follow.
Don't settle for mediocre friends, jobs, love, relationships and life.
DON'T SPEND TIME WITH PEOPLE WHO DON'T TREAT YOU WELL
Plan in decades. Think in years. Work in months. Live in days.
Above all, try something.
Happiness is different from joy.

The true opposite of depression is neither gaiety nor absence of pain, but vitality, the freedom to experience spontaneous feelings. It is part of the kaleidoscope of life that these feelings are not only happy, beautiful, or good, but can reflect the entire range of human experience, including envy, jealousy, rage, disgust, greed, despair, and grief.

Don't let your dreams be dreams. Make them real.

Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.

This next year I'm changing course. I'm not trying to lose weight this year or accumulate lots of money or put in long work days to try to impress someone or to pretend I'm feeling okay when I'm not because it would be convenient to seem happy. I'm not going to use my 2016 as an investment towards a better 2018. I'm going to live 2016 as if it were my last year and as if every feeling I had was critically important and each moment was the only moment.


Thin slices of joy occur in life everywhere... and once you start noticing it, something happens, you find it's always there. Joy becomes something you can count on.

edgar allen poe dream within a dream

We're here to accept things as you are while also working to change things to be who you want to be

Creation of wonderful things is what makes the world beautiful.

Love is not who you can see yourself with. It is who you can't see yourself without.

Without trust, there is no reason to continue.

Whenever you can, do something kind for Future You.

Your remaining face time with any person depends largely on where that person falls on your list of life priorities. Make sure this list is set by you - not by unconscious inertia.


Knowledge talks, wisdom listens.
Don't let your victories go to your head, or your failures go to your heart.
The mind is like a parachute. It doesn't work unless it's open.



However, one pitfall that must be addressed here, as it is so common, is that of guilt. We have grown up in a culture in which we can be extremely hard on ourselves, causing ourselves astounding amounts of pain to little good effect. If we can learn to substitute wise remorse, a remorse that simply says, Well, that didn't work, and this is unfortunate. I should try my best to figure out why and hopefully do something better next time, we will be much more able to train successfully in living a good and useful life.


Try as much as possible to be wholly alive with all your might, and when you laugh, laugh like hell. And when you get angry, get good and angry. Try to be alive. You will be dead soon enough. (William Saroyan)

If it were easy, everyone would do it.

Know that it is much worse to keep someone in a job who is not suited for it than it is to fire someone.

You pile up enough tomorrows, and you'll find you are left with nothing but a lot of empty yesterdays.

Exclaim over whatever is exclaimable in people. I learned this from my grandfather, who was forever marveling at other people's attributes: their height, their wit, their athleticism-all personal qualities, for him, seemed to exist in order to be celebrated. I'm a more restrained person than my grandfather was, so I don't come by this gift as naturally as he did. But I try!


Parkinson's law means the more time you give to complete a task, the less efficient you will use your time. Short-time lines make you focus more intensely. They make you think more creatively. They get your blood-pumping. Especially if you have someone to account to and those who depend on you to show up.


If you don't ask, the answer is already no.
There are two things you can always control- your attitude and your effort.
Never waste a minute thinking about people you don't like.

Do all the good you can, by all the means you can, in all the ways you can, in all the places you can, at all the times you can, to all the people you can, as long as ever you can.

i'm responsible for my choices , others make their own choices (choose to be hurt or upset or whatever); it's not my job to monitor or fix others

If our emotional responses fundamentally flow out of interpretations, or appraisals, of the world, and we can change those appraisals, then we have to try to do so. And to not do so, at some level, is rather irresponsible.
the best way to predict the future is to invent it

(tension breaker) did I tell you I just got a great deal on car insurance? 

i don't wanna be your other half; i believe that one and one make two

A place for everything and everything in its place.

Like everybody, until they don't deserve it.
Everyone is a friend, unless proven otherwise.
Everyone deserves respect, unless proven otherwise.

Manipulation is not negative
Influencing is changing someone's behavior or mind
Manipulation is intentionally influencing
When you hear the word manipulation, you may immediately think of negative things. Please don't.
Manipulation is not bad. People with bad intentions are bad.

the people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do.

You can spend your life fretting about how healthy, interesting, or successful you are.
On the other hand, you might consider simply finding what you love, and letting the rest take care of itself.

you know you don't have to listen to them, right?

a person who longs to leave the place he lives is an unhappy person , milan kundera, the unbearable lightness of being

Don't gain the world and lose your soul; wisdom is better than silver or gold. , Bob Marley


Happiness is a point of view. Now is a point of view. You can say I need to wait until all my ducks are in a row But the thing I say to people is when you get that duck what are you going to do with it? We have our ducks. They may not all be in a perfect row, but the best way to be where you want to be a year from now and ten years from now is to do something today that you'll be glad you did. (Seth Godin)


Forego the trivial many for the essential few.

Listen. In the noise that surrounds us daily, conversations get lost. Listen to people, take that time, give them your undivided attention.

Take your time. In a furious world like the one we have now, where everyone emphasises on 'doing-it-now', take a deep breath instead, ponder, weigh, and then decide.

There will always be people who forget you, no matter how important you think they are. More often than not, these will be people whom you expect most from. Try to forget them too.

Equally, some will always remember you, and have faith in you, irrespective of whether you ask or not. Keep these friends, fight for them- with tooth and nail.

You can't change what people do to you, but you can change how you react to it.

Rather than ask What do I want to be when I grow up? ask, In what way do I wish the world were different?


If you're envious of someone- of their success, or something they have- you have to be envious of everything that goes with it.

Before you eat anything, or drink anything that has calories, stop and think for a moment. Is this good for you? Do you really want to consume this, or should you opt for something else?

Substitute nuance for novelty.
    
I want to stand as close to the edge as I can without going over. Out on the edge you see all kinds of things you can't see from the center. - Kurt Vonnegut

Boredom is a lack of planning.

Drop the shoulds.

Once you make a decision, the universe conspires to make it happen. , Ralph Waldo Emerson

Take the mundane and make it extraordinary.

Never half-ass two things; whole-ass one thing.

Look forward, don't assign blame, and focus on making it better for next time.


If I can ease one life the aching,

Nothing is permanent.

1.01^365 = 37.78

Stay up late OR wake up early. Don't do both.


And whenever you fast, do not look dismal, like the hypocrites, .Truly I tell you, they have received their reward. But when you fast, put oil on your head and wash your face, so that your fasting may be seen not by others but by your Father who is in secret; and your Father who sees in secret will reward you.

Don't seek happiness outside of yourself in things or people.
One of the things I always used to do was seek happiness outside of myself. If I was feeling unhappy or drowning myself in negativity, I would look outside myself for a solution. But, ultimately, no matter what I turned to, the negativity within me remained. It might be tempting to rely on other people for your happiness or turn to habits like shopping, eating, or drinking to quell your negative state of mind, but, believe me, those outside things never do the trick. You must seek happiness and positivity within yourself. It really is the only way to live a positive life.

It takes a lot of hard to work to live a positive life, especially if you're struggling with negativity. But know this: even if you do one thing on this list, your life will improve. And you owe it to yourself to at least give it a try. If you want to live a positive life, do it. There may be obstacles and it may be hard to get from that negative place to a positive one, but, believe me, all of the work will be worth every ounce of effort you put into it because nothing is better than loving the life you're living.

All love stories are frustration stories... To fall in love is to be reminded of a frustration that you didn't know you had (of one's formative frustrations, and of one's attempted self-cures for them); you wanted someone, you felt deprived of something, and then it seems to be there. And what is renewed in that experience is an intensity of frustration, and an intensity of satisfaction. It is as if, oddly, you were waiting for someone but you didn't know who they were until they arrived. Whether or not you were aware that there was something missing in your life, you will be when you meet the person you want. What psychoanalysis will add to this love story is that the person you fall in love with really is the man or woman of your dreams; that you have dreamed them up before you met them; not out of nothing - nothing comes of nothing - but out of prior experience, both real and wished for. You recognize them with such certainty because you already, in a certain sense, know them; and because you have quite literally been expecting them, you feel as though you have known them for ever, and yet, at the same time, they are quite foreign to you. They are familiar foreign bodies.